[docs] CDC: Fix typos in CDC with Confluent tutorial (#26653)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/tutorials/cdc-tutorials/cdc-confluent-cloud.md

            sleep infinity
    ```

>     The above configuration follows client authentication using SASL, for more details about usage, refer to [Authentication with SASL using JAAS](https://docs.confluent.io/platform/7.0/kafka/authentication_sasl/index.html#authentication-with-sasl-using-jaas).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This configuration uses SASL for client authentication. For more information about using SASL with Confluent, refer to [Authentication with SASL using JAAS](https://docs.confluent.io/platform/7.0/kafka/authentication_sasl/index.html#authentication-with-sasl-using-jaas) in the Confluent documentation.
```
